In this document I want to reflect on my AI usage during my work on this project.

1. Database structuring:

I created the DB struture and ER Diagramm by myself. AI tools like Claude by Anthropic were used only to check if I did everything correct.
Of course I checked the information and answers they gave me, by doing my own research, using w3schools page to refresh my knowledge 
on this topic.
SQL queries were mostly generated by copilot suggestions, but they still needed checking and fixes, because some suggestions were made purely
on assumptions without any context.

2. Server:

I already had experience in creating small servers using fastify, so I started writing inital setup and structuring the project,
dividing modules and creating their blueprints. Copilot suggestions helped me to make the process faster. Especially when I already
had some routes and their respective handlers implemented, it was easier for copilot to suggest next inputs.
If I had more time, I would try to add some security and may be have a websocket connection between client and server.

3. Client:

I had very little experience with Frontend. So after trying to use online drag'n'drop tools to create HTML pages, which
turned out to be subscription based, I decided to ask Copilot to generate me an HTML page with my specifications.
I got lucky with the result and it was mostly working. Generated page was inside one single file, which I deemed difficult to
read and mantain, so I decided to split it into 3 files. I also spent some time replicating the page line by line and checking 
what each line does. Before that I had a hard time reading html and css files, now I had fun playing around with stuff and seeing
it change in front of my eyes. Although the generated code was working, I gave it my all to evaluate and understand it, 
it needed some fixes, but I was surprised with the result. I also made the decision to serve a static HTML page instead of running 
a separate server for frontend.
If I had more time, I would definitely dive deeper into it and separated Event Addition and Searh into two separate pages and implemented
filtering with checkboxes. 
Also I would like to implement the frontend with styling fully by myself, I really enjoyed things I learned while evaluating 
this.

4. Setup:

Having some experience with Docker from my 42 School Project, I wanted to create an easier way to start the project. Copilot created a 
Dockerfile and docker-compose files, which of course I checked and made sure worked. But I understand that not many people want 
to type long docker commands to use the app. So using my previous experience with Makefiles I came to conclusion to have a Makefile 
to use short commands which combine everything that needs to be done. Using copilot saved me a lot of time creating a makefile and 
having a neat 'help' command as well. After evaluating each target of `make` and getting rid of 'test' target I was happy with the 
result.
However, I understand that some people don't want to install additional stuff to check the program. So I decided to provide a simple 
devcontainer setup, which could be used just by having some extensions added to VSCode.

5. Tests:

Because tests are optional, I wanted to see how tests were made for cases like mine. Copilot generated a test suite using Jest.
I evaluated each test line by line and had a great understanding on how to create and write your own tests for endpoints.
Now I will use this knowledge to write my own tests before implementing the functionality I am testing.

I really liked working on this assignment and I am happy to have an opportunity to learn.